v1.7.11 (#2129)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

# CodeQL for Visual Studio Code: Changelog

## 1.7.11 - 1 March 2023

- Enable collection of telemetry concerning interactions with UI elements, including buttons, links, and other inputs. [#2114](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/2114)

> - Prevent the installation of CodeQL CLI version 2.12.3 from being automatically to avoid a bug in the language server. [#2126](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/2126)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent the automatic installation of CodeQL CLI version 2.12.3 to avoid a bug in the language server. CodeQL CLI 2.12.2 will be used instead. [#2126](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/2126)
```
